DOC-161 Added plugins directory, pages, and added to sidebar for 24.2 (#4170)
EventStore/EventStore: docs/plugins/OTLP-plugin.md

﻿# OTLP Exporter Plugin 

> The OTLP Exporter Plugin allows you to export EventStoreDB metrics to a specified endpoint using the OpenTelemetry Protocol (OTLP). This guide will help you set up the exporter and customize its configuration to meet your monitoring needs, so you can receive, process, and export metrics as desired. Learn more about the [OTEL collector here.](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/collector/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OTLP Exporter Plugin allows you to export EventStoreDB metrics to a specified endpoint using the OpenTelemetry Protocol (OTLP). This guide will help you set up the exporter and customize its configuration so you can receive, process, and export and monitor metrics as desired. Learn more about the [OTEL collector here.](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/collector/)
```

::: tip
The OTLP Exporter plugin is included in commercial versions of EventStoreDB.
:::

## Setting Up the OTLP Exporter
1. Download and install the plugin: First, download the OTLP Exporter plugin and place it in the `plugins` folder within your EventStoreDB installation directory. EventStoreDB will automatically recognize and use the plugin on its next startup.

After a successful installation, the server should log a message similar to the following:
```
[ 9408, 1,12:47:10.982,INF] Loaded SubsystemsPlugin plugin: "otlp-exporter" "24.2.0.0".
```
2. Configuration file setup: You must also provide a JSON configuration file. This file should be placed in the `config` folder inside your EventStoreDB installation directory. If the `config` folder doesn't exist, create it and add your configuration file there. 

## Configuration File Details 
The configuration file should specify: 

| Name     | Description                                                 |
|----------|-------------------------------------------------------------|

> | Endpoint | Destination where the OTLP exporter will send the data.     |

Reviewer: Other files do not have periods on sentence fragment descriptions.

| Headers  | Optional headers for the connection.                        |

Headers are key-value pairs separated by commas. To provide custom headers, you can add the `Headers` option in the JSON configuration file and set the value according to your requirements. For example:
```
"Headers": "api-key=value,other-config-value=value"
```

> In the above example, we are adding two custom key value pairs to the `Headers` option.

Reviewer: This feels redundant and out of place. Can you incorporate it into the sentence above the example?

> ## Example Configuration File

Reviewer: I don't think this needs to be a separate header. I would just remove this line.
